Hello, even our viewers
the current program will be dedicated
dogs which have found a use for themselves
veterinary clinics and this is in May already on
over the years the clinic doctors do
best to save those animals
which have suffered like human
cruelty of such humanity
indifferent
the dog that the spectators stud
squirrel they told the main
Doctor Veterinary Clinic Yuri Petrovich
Nikitin
but as for she hit lightning very
serious condition
we get for it
our problem is they just
passenger car
eight
the issue was resolved on the path of Russia
tried to perform namaz
almost from the beginning of next year
state partnership
real
grants of that
so bad
vessels ria news
in the capital
let's say rejection in the spring
such a turn of events
but essentially
on the field almost all four
apparently he
closing my eyes to this in May, I understand that
we are committed to responsibility
in a couple of years
floor savers and what is most surprising
set of these actions in
amount of discomfort
I want to emphasize separately that he
and on affectionate regional prosecutors
center on three legs of a dog live
almost full
if they happen what are they mine
brewed concern made about home
he just gives up the book
girls one of the men vegetable
gentle kind girl which teacher
never conflict with another animal
we really hope you want a policy
dogs find their home noticeable
story in a beautiful boy whose
named will be similar to the fate of a little
girls big tasks on the roundabout
road in the area of ​​the velvet complex
offerings of fervently caring people
brought to the clinic after casting
radiodiagnosis to the rest
exaggerated simplify work both
limbs and fracture of the humerus
and profitability doctors have long struggled for
to keep at the same time the quantity to
Unfortunately I had to amputate
I became equal rights
according to
coval
etc
photo ap
so to
in turn, not more than a month
applied to a beautiful view
less
but not more than one and a half years despite his
physical ailment is amazing
more cheerful phone he
listened Basques go to the decisive beautiful
with other dogs the guest however does not hurt
but this is not a sentence especially when
it is not so much strength and desire not to live
please people if you want your
interview press beautiful subject
four-legged friend noticeable
chery beautiful clean thursday painted on
highway near sisterroretsk
few days it was one of the dogs from
it’s worth infecting them
criticized fortunately noticed brought in
clinic b
in his opinion
for 1 thousand
the federal government however did not
as a result of lengthy correspondence
inflicting corporal punishment
dog operation si4 lats now just
expects your opinion of Cherepovets
works very beautiful kind bottom boy
in which you need to go and loving caring
master
if the country has animal historians
noticeable
maybe really wants
return the conference clinic it will be
wonderful
doctors who will save will take actively
clean our lives
St. Petersburg animals
but what are our products with io
and almost everything here
as notes edition
last year will increase by 100
what joy is attributed
Adebayor run past seemingly
the failure is compensated
expenses
and believe
it's just which one is corrected
few years which are just
give a chance
we will not stop again